STEPS : 
1. git init : initializes the current repo
2. git status : gives status about repo
3. git add "YOUR MESSSAGE" : used to add files OR to stage the file             |
4. git commit : to save the changes in your local repo after the file is staged |OR just doing git add . will work

to restore it to original form 
5. git restore --staged filename

to see the entire history of the project : git log

imagine you did some 4-5 changes and you want to go behind 
do git log copy the commit
git reset paste commit

abb maan le muje chahta hu ki main project main kuch feature daalo par muje existing code main commit 
nai karna and uski koi history na ho aur main jab chahu tab vapas la saku the we will use stash
what we will do is that we will normally start creating new feature and after it "git stash" will work
abb main naya feature hide toh kar diya but muje ab ye implement karna hai toh "git stash pop"
abb vapas stash main daalna hai toh "git add ." and then "git stash" 
abb maan le muje ye jo naya feature jo hai vo muje stash se hi khatam kar dena hai toh "git stash clear"


--------------------------GITHUB------------------------------------------
now if i want to add my github project in git we give command 
git remote add origin github-repo-ka-link

now you done changes in the project and you want to show it on github 
git push origin branch_name
while creating your new branch make sure your master branch is up to date

you want to create new branch:git branch branch_name
you want to work on some branch : git checkout some_branch_name

now see while contributing to a project you work in your branch and when design is approved you upload 
your design to main branch 
so now you feature is approved and you want to add it to main branch : git merge branch_name

abb maanle ek project hai jisme tu contribute nai kar raha par tuje karna toh tu uska copy bana lega aapne 
account main by "fork" button on github

abb maanle ek forked project hain tuje uske files download karne hai so : git clone project_github_link

abb tune jo project jiss account se fork kiya hai vo upstream ho jayega 
now if i want to add that github project in git we give command 
git remote add upstream github-repo-ka-link

abb maanle tune jo project fork kiya usme tune ek branch banai aur usme ek mast sa ek feature daala
aab jo origin account hai usme tuje ye feature daalna hai aapne project main
toh tuje unhe pull request dene hai aur wo accept karenge and done (something like this honga )

to force push the changes after the push command use the flag -f

Making forked project even with main project 
1. Click the button fetch upstream 
2. a. checkout to main 
   b. git fetch --all --prune(prune the one that are deleted will also be fetched)
   c. git reset --hard upstream/main
   d. git push origin main 
3. a. git pull upstream main
   b. git push origin main

you are working and there are many commits and you want to make it into 1 commit
1. Reset and all commits will be unstaged and there will be 1 commit and again commit to it will 
   come down to 1 commit
2. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apGV9Kg7ics  1:00:20 

Merge Conflict
like maanle tune 3rd line pe change kiya and kissi dusre ne bhi 3rd line pe change kiya toh git 
confuse ho jayega toh ye hai merge conflicts
toh isse dono baat karke solve karo aur thik karo ab sab chiz k command nai hote
